Lesson one Урок номер один
How? How?
lesson one
lesson - значит урок, one - один, lesson one - урок номер один
Okay, but you don't make very English sounds.
I can feel it myself. That's how you pronounced the first word, that's how you said hello
Hi - Привет
Yes, that's Hi. I knew right away that you were a foreigner
No, I'll never be able to do that.
Listen to Hi, the sound is not the same as in the Russian word bread. You pronounce it gently with a gasp,
as if you were running, running, out of breath and exhaled Hi.
Try Hi. Нi again Hi. Oh well, you did it. Hi.
Now you can say hello to me. Hi brother rabbit.
Or you can say hello like this: Hello - здравствуйте. Hello.
You forgot that the "H" sound is pronounced gently with a gasp.
Hello, hello. Yes, yes. Hello, hello.
Now in the morning you can still say hello like this: Good morning,
good which means хорошее, доброе, morning - утро.
Good morning - Доброе утро. Well, I will never be able to do this again. Let's go together.
Feel with your tongue the tubercles behind the upper front teeth and touch them with the very tip of your tongue.
Oh, I really never noticed the tubercles.
But now put the tip of your tongue on these tubercles and forcefully pronounce
d- d- d- It's like large drops are dripping onto a sheet of iron.
D- d- d-. D- d- d-. Well done And now good, good. Good, good.
No, it won't work that way.
Your drops are not on iron, but on leaves. Look at my lower jaw.
Do you see how big you think it is, by any chance?
It’s normal to strain it all the time, including sounds at the end of words.
We don’t listen to good, good. Good good, even due to unaccustomed habits I got sick.
And now listen -ning -ning, as if a bell is ringing -ning -ning.
You can even feel it tickling, you can put both shoulder blades on the sides of your nose and pronounce it.
Oh,
it’s true, it’s as if something is rattling in the nose,
And now my
Udmurts
Good morning,
good morning good morning good.
Oh, what does evening mean,
Wonderful Good evening, definitely Good evening.
Good evening. So we can say hello tonight.
Now let's repeat it again.
How can you say hello in English, just don’t forget about the sounds.
Oh, I already forgot everything. It always seems that way, Let's try it.
Hello Hello Hello Good morning.
Good evening.
Forgot Guryev Well done
And that at the end of all English words there are such ringing sounds gudmonin,
Beautiful of course, very tired.
It's not that big for me. Of course not.
Listen to DDT on the tip of your tongue.
There, on the tubercles, the sound is pronounced dullly,
as if the drops were not on iron,
it was definitely dripping leaves.
And now I know why you
pronounce Russian words so funny, accurately, So, out of habit, you put your tongue on the tubercles,
just like for an English word, Tanya really didn’t notice.
Well, let's practice OKATO OKATO
ocat.
What does this mean cat?
Let's go again ok, ok ok,
ok, ok, Bad lunch,
lunch lunch bat.
Maybe I won’t repeat this. Why is it easy lunch lunch.
I'm afraid, they say, they are catching nonsense in their ears. What kind of prejudice is this? And harmful?
Okay, here we go. Out of fear, you even forgot about your language.
Oh, it's really lunch.
Now listen to how important it is in English not to deafen the voiced consonants at the end of a word.
If I say it, it will mean a bat.
If Bad is bad, you feel the difference, I don’t see the limit,
my grandfather would have been good, no matter what they were called,
I’m a little tired.
Well, then that's enough for the first time.